Fix incorrect 5GHz WiFi reference for RPi Zero 2W (#184) (#185)
vinu-engineer/rpi-home-monitor: docs/hardware-setup.md

| Requirement | Detail |
|-------------|--------|
| Same LAN | Server and all cameras must be on the same local network |

> | WiFi band | 2.4GHz preferred for cameras (less interference, more bandwidth) |

Reviewer: The original `5GHz preferred ... (less interference, more bandwidth)` is correct generic networking — 5 GHz really is less congested and higher-bandwidth than 2.4 GHz. The Zero 2W constraint should be called out alongside, not by inverting the statement.

```suggestion
| WiFi band | 5GHz preferred where supported (less interference, more bandwidth). RPi Zero 2W cameras are 2.4GHz only — plan a dual-band AP. |
```

| Symptom | Cause | Fix |
|---------|-------|-----|

> | Choppy live view | WiFi congestion | Move camera closer to AP, or use 2.4GHz band |

Reviewer: Original advice ("or use 5GHz band" to escape WiFi congestion) is right — 2.4 GHz is the *more* congested band, so recommending a switch to it for congestion is the opposite of the fix.

```suggestion
| Choppy live view | WiFi congestion | Move camera closer to AP. 5GHz is less congested if AP and client support it (Zero 2W is 2.4GHz only — separate it from microwave / Bluetooth interference instead). |
```
